First when approaching this I laid out pseudocode for what needed to be accomplished.
   1. Put a cap on the number of moves (6 total)
   2. Add ability to remove the third move, and replace it to a new position or undo and put in same position
   3. Can only move it to adjacent positions
   4. If the move is in the center position, it must be moved and not kept there, or there must be a winning move
   
I began with introducing a numMoves variable to keep track of how many moves in the game have been taken and incrementing this every time a move is made. I added a condition to check if the number of moves was > 5 (because it starts at index 0) and if it was, to allow for X’s and O’s to be removed. 

To do this, check whose turn it is set the corresponding square to null. Decrement the moves counter to indicate this removed piece now needs to be replaced. 

I then worked on the ‘move’ being placed back on the board. This should be handled like the original tic-tac-toe feature, just adding a new ‘move’ to the board. Only do this when we are sure there are less than 6 total moves on the board. Add a corresponding X or O based on what was most recently removed.

Now that we can remove and add X’s and O’s from the board, I implemented an adjacency feature to only add a removed X or O to a certain spot. To do this, I first defined the board’s valid spots in a nested array. For example, squares[0] valid adjacent spots are [1, 3, 4]. Then, when handling the move, check if the nested array with your oldPos as the index and see if the newly desired position i is a valid adjacent spot. If it is, enter the if statement, and place a corresponding X or O. Update the setSquares, numMoves, and switch the players turn. Keep regular logic if the board doesn’t have 6 moves yet.

I then wanted to add the ‘undo’ feature. I needed to handle if a player picked up an existing move, but couldn’t move it to any adjacent positions, or just chose to put it back in the same position. I did this by adding an additional if statement checking if the max number of moves had been taken, and if the oldPos from which we removed a item from was the same as the newly desired position. If so, place the corresponding X or O. 

The next part was the tricky part of forcing the user to move the center piece or to make a winning move. I added an if statement first checking if oldPos >= 0 meaning that we had surpassed the 6 move mark, checking if an X move was next, and checking if there was an X occupying the center square. If these conditions were met, enter the if statement and let the user place the corresponding move in a new position. Check if this new move had a winning outcome by calling calculateWinner with the new array. If it was a winning move, end the game with a winning statement. Otherwise, add an if statement to handle picking up the non-center piece and not moving it to a winning spot. Force the user to put it back where it was originally placed or until it is placed in a winning position.

Lastly, to add a reset button I made a function called HandleGoToGameStart which set all the squares to null, setNumMoves(0), set oldPos(-1), and setXisNext(true). This effectively resets the game and wipes the board. 

Run this with the command npm start and you can play the chorus lapilli game!

Running npm pack –dry-run we get:
npm notice 
npm notice 📦  vy6j3f@0.0.0
npm notice === Tarball Contents === 
npm notice 92.9kB README.md                 
npm notice 625B   package.json              
npm notice 24.8kB public/favicon.ico        
npm notice 1.4kB  public/index.html         
npm notice 298B   public/manifest.json      
npm notice 6.5kB  src/App.js                
npm notice 2.3kB  src/createServiceWorker.js
npm notice 256B   src/index.js              
npm notice 157B   src/package.json          
npm notice 234B   src/public/index.html     
npm notice 969B   src/styles.css            
npm notice === Tarball Details === 
npm notice name:          vy6j3f                                  
npm notice version:       0.0.0                                   
npm notice filename:      vy6j3f-0.0.0.tgz                        
npm notice package size:  39.6 kB                                 
npm notice unpacked size: 130.5 kB                                
npm notice shasum:        ae17f3c16fcdaa3abda3571a28d8c54fa59ba517
npm notice integrity:     sha512-9VvrtFRa5PDuW[...]vuXmU+xXwMdeQ==
npm notice total files:   11                                      
npm notice 
vy6j3f-0.0.0.tgz
